README.md, before:

[![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/Granze/react-starterify/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/zooniverse/zoo-react-starterify/master)

# Zooniverse React Starterify

A minimal React JS application starter kit, based on [React Starterify](https://github.com/Granze/react-starterify).

## Usage

__Install the dependencies:__

`npm install`

__Test:__

```npm run test```

__Development mode with livereload:__

```npm run start```

__When you are done, create a production-ready version of the JS bundle:__

```npm run build```

## Credits

Thanks to [Granze](https://github.com/Granze) for the original [React Starterify](https://github.com/Granze/react-starterify), which is used under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## License

Copyright 2015 Zooniverse

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add a note about Redux starter kit repo.

README.md, after:

[![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/Granze/react-starterify/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/zooniverse/zoo-react-starterify/master)

# Zooniverse React Starterify

A minimal React JS application starter kit, based on [React Starterify](https://github.com/Granze/react-starterify).
If you’re looking for a Redux starter kit, check [this out](https://github.com/zooniverse/zoo-reduxify)
## Usage

__Install the dependencies:__

`npm install`

__Test:__

```npm run test```

__Development mode with livereload:__

```npm run start```

__When you are done, create a production-ready version of the JS bundle:__

```npm run build```

## Credits

Thanks to [Granze](https://github.com/Granze) for the original [React Starterify](https://github.com/Granze/react-starterify), which is used under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## License

Copyright 2015 Zooniverse

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
